{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl261\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Aluin Signals\
\
Signal signposts, public space intervention\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The project started with building devices to receive electromagnetic waves released by the machinery of De Electriciteitsfabriek, The Hague. The energy produced in certain periods of the night related directly to peak uses of heat in the city. After several recording sessions the data was analysed and became edited to represent the water\'96energy use of The Hague. \
This collection of data is an ongoing research which is being materialised and made physical through enscribing aluminium tubes. Through a self-built electrolysis system; descriptions, symbols and raw data are made static. These tubes are then erected back in the places of electromagnetic collection. This is a series about measuring energy consumption in cities and making the public aware through creative interventions. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf0 DIY self-engraved (via chemical processes) aluminium tube,prefabricated aluminium clamps\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 Exhibited: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Public spaces of The Hague 2018\'96 ongoing \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf0 In collaboration with Zuzanna Zgierska.\
\
Technical support HR Groep, Rijswijk. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl181\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Conceptually supported by Justin Bennett.}